Links with invalid SpanContext are recorded. (#3928)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/api.md

  arguments. This MAY be called `AddLink`. This API takes the `SpanContext` of
  the `Span` to link to and optional `Attributes`, either as individual
  parameters or as an immutable object encapsulating them, whichever is most
  appropriate for the language. Implementations SHOULD record links with

>   [invalid](#isvalid) `SpanContext` as long as either the attribute set

Reviewer: would it make any sense to narrow this down to "invalid with empty trace/span ids", to make it clear the purpose of this is not about recording illegal trace/span ids, only "missing" trace/span ids?

Author: oh, yes, good clarification.

>   `SpanContext` with empty `TraceId` or `SpanId` as long as either the attribute set

Reviewer 2: I hope this does not confuse anyone into storing an actually empty vs all-zero (canonical invalid) ID.

Reviewer: to address @Oberon00's comment, maybe
```suggestion
  `SpanContext` with empty `TraceId` or `SpanId` (all zeros) as long as either the attribute set
```

>   or `TraceState` is non-empty.

Reviewer 2: I fully support to store non-empty tracestate, but I think that at the moment this is not possible, it would require further spec changes: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/issues/753

Reviewer 3: > It would also lead to an inconsistency with parents. If we store an invalid but non-empty spancontext/tracestate for links, why do we discard it for parents?

The difference lies in the fact that the span context of the parent defines the trace a span is in, which is quite fundamental. That's not true for links, a span link doesn't haven an impact on which trace a span belongs to.

That's why I think one can be more lenient with span links.

Author: @Oberon00 I'd rather have this new invariant (having non empty tracestate OR attribute set) set once, rather than updated later, but yes, good call to discuss whether we should update the spec to propagate such `SpanContext` instances.

Author: @Oberon00 Plan to merge this PR soon as #753 is still open. Let me know what you think.

Also, to elaborate on @pyohannes's point, as part of messaging we want to store information that logically speaking belongs to a linked parent, even if such parent's context wasn't (properly) propagated.

  arguments. This MAY be called `AddLink`. This API takes the `SpanContext` of
  the `Span` to link to and optional `Attributes`, either as individual
  parameters or as an immutable object encapsulating them, whichever is most

>   appropriate for the language. Implementations SHOULD record links with an
>   [invalid](#isvalid) `SpanContext` as well.

Reviewer: maybe

```suggestion
  appropriate for the language. Implementations SHOULD record links with a non-empty attribute set even if they have an
  [invalid](#isvalid) `SpanContext`.
```

Author: There's the (related) question of links with empty attributes AND invalid SpanContext but non-empty `TraceState`.

Author: (Although for the messaging SIG we only care about non-empty attributes)
